Members: Raghav Sambasivan (rsambas1), Jack Yu (jyu108)
Modifications: Since Phase A, we have made quite a few changes to our project. In terms of the scope of the project, we originally wanted to cover a significantly larger portion of basketball information. For example, originally we wanted to have tables for each game that has been played and statistics for each player that played in each of those games. However, after creating our ER digrams, we realized that the scope was far too complicated and large for the time we had for the final project. We chose to focus primarly on cumulative statistics for each player and team for each season rather than going deeper within the seasons themselves. Furthermore, we also changed our original list of questions so that they fit within this refined smaller scope. We also changed our questions so that our queries were more compliacated. For example, we added questions to calculate ratios of shot selections and also percentile-based questions to figure out some of the best basketball players for a specific statistic within the league.

Process: In terms of our process for cleaning and preparing our data for use within this project, it has not changed since our original README in Phase C.

Successes: For us, there were definitely quite a few technical challenges that we overcame while doing this project that we are particularly proud of. The first would be actually preparing our data itself. The sources we used for our data did not have any seamless download as CSV options to read in specific data that we wanted to collect, so our workaround solution was to use a third-party API that was made for the website to accurately request specific data from the website. There were many formatting challenges with this such as converting each team to an acronym code that could easily be queried as well as formatting attributed like SEASON so that they got rid of useless style characters in them. Another great challenge in our project that we spent a significant amount of time trying to figure out was using canvasJS to make graphs that accurately showed trends for our questions. Since we have never worked with javascript before, this was task took us quite a while to figure out! Lastly, converting our CSV data into actual queries was also a very long process that we are very proud of since it involved a lot of string parsing/manipulation for looping through our data to create insertion statements for each row.

Known Issues: One small issue that we would have solved is that there is no masterkey for what the acronyms are for each country (ie: US or FR). Although this is a small missing aspect, we realize that it could be useful for users to have when querying based on a specific country.

Extensions: If we had MUCH more time, we would have loved to use our original scope of our project so that we could have data on every single individual game that goes on in the NBA. Both Jack and I are very huge basketball fans, so to have a centralized place where we could get up to date information about every basketball game that we would ever be interested in would be super useful for us to have while watching games together. We would have also loved to integrate this database with a mobile app so that we could easily get answers to NBA statistics on the go. Another third feature we would have loved to have in our project was the ability to have access to award information for our queries as well, since that is something that we are particularly interested in when it comes to NBA stats, but we were limited by the sites we chose to use.
